ApsCalcUI: a calculator for optimizing shells for the Advanced Projectile
System in From the Depths. Written by Ao Kishuba.
Special thanks to HerpeDerpeDerp and MrNukealizer, without whom this project
would not have been possible.

HOW TO RUN
Be sure to use "ApsCalcUI" to run the GUI version.

TEST PARAMETERS
NOTE: Results for each test will be written to a text file in the ApsCalcUI
folder. Filenames are automatically generated from current time. An example
filename is "2021-07-04_09-12-11-12".

Barrel Count: number of barrels. APS cannons can have anywhere from 1-6
barrels. Additional barrels help cooling, but impose an accuracy penalty and
limit max gauge. At low calibers, barrel count is a cosmetic choice.

Minimum Gauge: smallest gauge to be tested, in mm. Must be greater than 18 mm.
Maximum Gauge: largest gauge to be tested, in mm. Must be greater than or
equal than Minimum Gauge and less than or equal to 500 mm (or the max allowed
by the barrel count, whichever is less).

Head Indices: modules to be put at the front of the shells to be tested. The
frontmost module on a shell is weighted in certain calculations, and can have
a large effect on shell performance. Some heads, like the Disruptor Conduit,
add functionality. Any module other than the dedicated base modules can be put
at the front of a shell, although the dedicated "Head" modules offer the best
performance for any shell type.

Base Module: module to be put at the back of the projectile (the part of the
shell which hits the target - excludes gunpowder and railgun casings). The
base modules add functionality or modify performance, and in general I
recommend using some kind of base; test with Base Bleeder versus no base if
no additional functionality is required.

Fixed Modules: modules to be included with every shell. Primarily meant for
fuzes. If testing for pendepth (APHE, APF, &c), adding a single fixed chem
warhead will save a small amount of time, since at least one will be needed.
n.b. The input validation for fixed modules is not perfect. Please double-
check to ensure the total fixed module count adds up to 18 or less (17 if
using a base).

Variable Module Indices: the optimizer will test every possible combination
of variable modules. Examples would be Solid Body and Sabot Body for kinetic
shells, or Solid Body and Frag Body for APF pendepth.

Max Gunpowder Casings: maximum allowed number of GP casings. Note that GP
casing length is adjustable up to two decimal places, although a decimal
casing counts as a complete module for module count limit purposes.

Max Railgun Casings: maximum allowed number of RG casings. RG casings
increase the max rail draw of the shell, but are not part of the projectile,
and so do not reduce the shell velocity for a given amount of charge. This
means a shell with RG casings can be "supercharged" to go faster than it
would under its own max draw.

Max Rail Draw: maximum allowed rail draw. Note that the shell itself will
have a max draw (to simulate the maximum force the shell could withstand).
This "physical" limit is determined by the size of the shell (gauge and
number of components other than GP casings), and the optimizer will take it
into account automatically, regardless of the user-input max draw.

Min Shell Length: minimum length of the shell, exclusive.
Max Shell Length: maximum length of the shell, inclusive. Must be greater
than the smallest possible shell - ie, one with the minimum gauge, made up
only of fixed modules (the form automatically enforces this restriction).

Minimum Velocity: minimum shell velocity. Note that a high minimum velocity
may be impossible to meet within the casing and rail draw restrictions.
Minimum Effective Range: effective range is the distance a shell will travel
in its "lifetime", after which it will become useless. Particularly small
shells may have an effective range of less than 1 km, and may not be suitable
for use on certain craft.

Damage Type: damage type to optimize.
  Kinetic. Prompts entry of target AC value/s. Note that more than one AC
  value can be entered; each will be run as a separate test
  
  EMP, FlaK, Frag, and HE speak for themselves.

  HEAT. Calculates HEAT damage for a shell. Note that the resulting
  configurations will be optimal for every pen metric and special factor,
  and even for HESH shells; however, the damage numbers will only match
  what is shown ingame for HEAT shells with a special factor of 1 and a
  penetration metric of 0.5.
  
  Pendepth. Prompts entry of target armor configuration. Optimizes for a 
  weighted average of FlaK, Frag, and HE damage, according to how many 
  modules of each type are present. If no FlaK modules are included in the 
  test parameters, FlaK damage has a weight of 0, and so is not factored into
  the calculations. This means it is possible to use any combination of the
  three damage types. Only shells capable of penetrating the given armor
  scheme will be counted.
  
  Shield Disruptor. Automatically replaces user-given Head List with the
  Disruptor Conduit Head, which is required for shield disruption. Measures
  EMP damage and shield reduction percentage (displayed in the printout as a
  decimal, where 1 = 100% shield strength reduction)

Test Type: whether to optimize for DPS per Volume or DPS per Cost. "Volume"
and "Cost" are both marginal - they include the volume (or cost) only of
components which scale linearly with number of inputs. That is to say,
components like the APS firing piece, barrels, gauge increases, ejectors, &c,
are not counted, because their proprotion of the cost depends on the size of
the gun and the Tetris skill of the builder. The components which are counted
are the loader, input, recoil absorbers, coolers, and rail chargers. Beltfed
loaders assume a fixed configuration of 1 clip and 2 inputs per loader.

Row Labels: whether to include labels on every row of the printout. Tests
without row labels will print the row headers before the actual results;
these are intended to be copied into a spreadsheet, with each loader length
as its own column. For example:

	        WITH LABELS				     WITHOUT LABELS
	  3 m					                      3 m
	  Gauge (mm): 200		                200
	  Total length (mm): 3000			      3000
	  Length without casings: 3000		  3000
	  Total modules: 16			            16
	  GP Casing: 0				              0
	  RG Casing: 0				              0
	  Solid body: 10				            10
	  Frag body: 2				              2
	  HE body: 1				                1
	  Fuse: 1					                  1
	  Head: Hollow point head			      Hollow point head
